Suggestions for the new "Project Configuration" article (#2732)
apollographql/apollo-ios: docs/source/project-configuration.mdx

To include the Apollo iOS SDK in a project with **multiple modules**:

1. Link `Apollo` to the modules configuring or using the networking and caching APIs.
    - Optionally, link `ApolloSQLite` and/or `ApolloWebSocket` to the module that sets up your `ApolloClient` to enable them.
2. Link `ApolloAPI` to the modules that only include generated models.

Additionally, you can optionally link `ApolloTestSupport` to your unit test target to create mocks of your generated models.

> ⚠️ **Do not link [`ApolloCodegenLib`](#apollocodegenlib) to your application targets.**
>
> `ApolloCodegenLib` only supports macOS, and you should only link it to development tools that want to use the Apollo code generation engine.

### Schema types module

> ** 2. How do you want to include your generated schema types?**

You can include generated schema types in your project by embedding them directly in your application target or as a separate module. You can configure this using the [`output.schemaTypes`](./code-generation/codegen-configuration#schema-types) property in your codegen configuration.

> When setting up codegen for the first time, you'll need to specify a location path for the generated module and the [`moduleType`](./code-generation/codegen-configuration#module-type).  The `moduleType` property configures how the code generation engine links generated schema types in your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When setting up codegen for the first time, you'll need to specify a location path for the generated module and the [`moduleType`](./code-generation/codegen-configuration#module-type). The `moduleType` property configures how the code generation engine links generated schema types in your project.
```

Use the [`.swiftPackageManager`](./code-generation/codegen-configuration#swift-package-manager) or [`.other`](./code-generation/codegen-configuration#other-schema-module-types) options to generate a schema types module.

> Most dependency managers (e.g., SPM and Cocoapods) can automatically include your generated files in the module's directory. This means that when generated files are added or removed from the generated module, they are linked to your project automatically.

#### Embedded in your application

You can also include schema types directly in a target that you created.

To do this, use [`ModuleType.embeddedInTarget(name: String)`](./code-generation/codegen-configuration#embedded-in-target) as the value of the [`output.schemaTypes.moduleType`](./code-generation/codegen-configuration#module-type) property. The generated schema types are then enclosed in a caseless namespace enum to prevent naming conflicts with types you already defined in your target.

> > This option makes you responsible for **manually** adding generated files to your chosen target. When the code generation engine creates or removes files, you'll need to manually add or remove them from your target's "Compile Sources" build phase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This option makes you responsible for **manually** adding generated files to your chosen target. When the code generation engine creates or removes files, you'll need to manually add or remove them from Xcode's project navigator.
```

> > This option makes you responsible for **manually** adding generated files to your chosen target. When the code generation engine creates or removes files, you'll need to manually add or remove them from your target's "Compile Sources" build phase.

Reviewer: > from your target's "Compile Sources" build phase.

I know we had this in the original text but shouldn't we rather tell them to remove them from the project explorer, or whatever that view is referred to as? If we only tell them to remove from "Compile Sources" they may still be in the explorer; for the inexperienced Xcode user. Removing them from the project explorer should handle both steps in one action.

@AnthonyMDev?
